Indexer README: add latest release checkout (#6983)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/sui-indexer/README.md

# and then run 
diesel migration run
```

> 2. checkout [the latest devnet release](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/releases), otherwise API version mismatch could cause errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. check out [the latest Sui release](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/releases) to make sure you are using the same version of Sui that is running on Devnet
```
Is check out the best / only way to get the latest release? This is getting the release branch vs the release, right? But the release branch is cut up to a week before so one could check out the latest release branch before it is deployed to Devnet

```sh
# an example LATEST_RELEASE is: releases/sui-v0.19.0-release

> git checkout <LATEST_RELEASE>

Reviewer: why the release branch over the devnet branch for the release devnet-0.19.0?

```

> 3. Go to `sui/crates/sui-indexer` and run command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to `sui/crates/sui-indexer` and run the following command:
```

> 3. cargo run under `/sui-indexer`

Reviewer: this reads as though one should type the command:
`cargo run under /sui-indexer`
is it that one should use `cargo run` from the /sui-indexer folder?

Might be easier to format the text as text and then use code/shell for the command only
